SplunkPy  - Incoming & Outgoing Mirroring (#11421)
demisto/content: Packs/SplunkPy/ReleaseNotes/1_5_0.md

#### Classifiers
##### Splunk - Incoming Mapper
- Added support for incoming mirroring.

#### Integrations
##### SplunkPy

> - Changed the default fetch query of the integration.

Reviewer: to what was the default query altered and isn't this a breaking change?

> - Add mirror-in support (from Demisto version 6.0.0), Mirror-in incidents (Notables) from remote server (Splunk).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for incoming incident mirroring from a remote Splunk server (supported from Cortex XSOAR version 6.0.0).
```
